What do you mean?
Do you already fully understand?
If I don't understand something so simple
How could I come to this Rakshasa Kingdom alone?
Don't blow the cow to the sky, those two
Does this thing need to be bragged about?
It is nothing more than the national dissatisfaction with the national teacher
As for the emperor, he doesn't want to be the prince in the palm of his hand
Hahaha, well said, well said.
Since the founding of the Rakshasa Kingdom for a thousand years
All emperors have tried to change this
I want the Rakshasa Kingdom to become my Rakshasa Kingdom
Unfortunately, the laws of the country
Bundle nationwide
Can't object at all
ask
A general soldier who can barely walk with one punch
How to fight
Imperial Preceptor, this powerful ancestor team position
If I'm right
Every time the emperor ascends the throne
The Doctor will bestow spells on those around him
To invite the emperor
After all, brothers and sisters
Is it impossible to divide easily by his side?
Won my heart
But there's one thing I don't understand.
His Majesty has nothing to do with the baby bird princess
Brotherhood
A few days ago, above the Heaven-sent Cauldron
The young bird once killed a man
That is my queen
Now he doesn't treat me as a royal brother
I don't have to put up with him anymore
Your Majesty must have a plan
General
Give him the stuff